dnf5-group: add page (#14958)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/dnf-group.md

# dnf group

> > Manage groups of related DNF packages on Fedora-based systems.

Reviewer: Personally, I like how it's explained in the dnf man page:

> Groups  are  virtual  collections of packages. DNF keeps track of groups that the user selected ("marked") installed and can manipulate the comprising packages with simple commands.

And if I'm being scholastic here, "DNF packages" really isn't a thing; rather it's all just "RPM packages". But I think it's unnecessarily pedantic for this page anyways.

So how about this?

```suggestion
> Manage virtual collections of packages on Fedora-based systems.
```

> > More information: <https://manned.org/man/dnf-group>.

Author: AFAIK `dnf` and `dnf5` have exactly same interface, and at least on my Fedora 41 system `dnf` is aliased to `dnf5`. If this is still an issue, file can be modified to instead document `dnf5 group`, but IMO that shouldn't be needed (that documentation would be harder for user to find).

> > More information: <https://manned.org/man/dnf-group>.

Author: I have renamed command to `dnf5 group` - please check now.

> > More information: <https://manned.org/man/dnf-group>.

Author: > Maybe add an alias page dnf group that redirects to dnf5 group?

Done

- List DNF groups, showing installed and uninstalled status in a table:

`dnf group list`

- Show DNF group info, including repository and optional packages:

`dnf group info {{groupname}}`

- Install DNF group:

`dnf group install {{groupname}}`

- Remove DNF group:

`dnf group remove {{groupname}}`

- Upgrade DNF group:

> `dnf group upgrade{{groupname}}`

Reviewer: Missed a space here?

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1db28282-b8a5-45ec-a535-0d572eecd799)

@cyqsimon There's already a space there (checked in this PR's Files Changed tab), please recheck - the command is showing with space only:

`dnf group upgrade {{groupname}}`
